[Docs] Anonymous twig components (#1058)
symfony/ux: src/TwigComponent/doc/index.rst

        {% block footer %}{% endblock %}
     </div>

> Anonymous TwigComponent

Reviewer: Anonymous Components

-----------------------

Sometimes a component is simple enough that it doesn't have any complex logic or injected services.
In this case, you can skip the class and only create the template. The component name is determined
by the location of the template (see `Twig Template Namespaces`_):

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/components/Button/Primary.html.twig #}

>     <button class="primary">

Reviewer: It would be more flexible to immediately how `attributes` being used:

```
<button {{ attributes.defaults({ class: 'primary' }) }}>
```

We don't need to introduce the concept of attributes here, since it's not unique to anonymous components :)

        {% block content %}
        {% endblock %}
    </button>

Then use your component with ``:`` to navigate through sub-directories (if there are any):

.. code-block:: html+twig

     {# index.html.twig #}
     ...
    <div>
       <twig:Button:Primary>
           Click Me!
       </twig:Button:Primary>
    </div>

Still get all your attributes by rendering the ``attributes`` object in your template:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/components/Button.html.twig #}
    <button {{ attributes }}>
        {% block content %}
        {% endblock %}
    </button>

> Then pass any further data to your reusable "button" like so:

Reviewer: Like normal, you can pass extra attributes that will be rendered on the element:

.. code-block:: html+twig

     {# index.html.twig #}
     ...
    <div>
        <twig:Button role="button" class="foo">
            Click Me!
        </twig:Button>
    </div>

    {# renders as: #}
    <button role="button" class="foo">Click Me!</button>

> Now let's pass props to your "button" by defining a ``{% props %}`` tag in its view.

Reviewer: Let's reverse this section: show the usage first, then show the `{% props` syntax. Something like:

You can also pass a variable (prop) into your template:

<twig:Button role="button" icon="fa-plus" type="primary">Buy now!</twig:Button>

To tell the system that `icon` and `type` are props and not attributes, use the `{% props` tag at the top of your template:

```
{% props icon, type = 'primary' %}

<button {{ attributes.defaults({
    class: 'btn btn-'~type
} }}>
    {% block content %}{% endblock %}
    {% if icon %}
        <span class="fa-solid fa-{{ icon }}"></span>
    {% endif %}
</button>
```

I don't love the `attributes.defaults()` syntax, but it does make the components more flexible.

        {% block footer %}{% endblock %}
     </div>

Anonymous TwigComponent
-----------------------

Sometimes, reusable elements do not require complex logic or injected service to render what it could be processed

> from one template itself. (e.g. retrieving a customized primary button that could take a different label).

Reviewer: How about:

```
Sometimes a component is simple enough that it doesn't have any complex logic or injected services.
In this case, you can skip the class and only create the template. The component name is determined
by the location of the template (see `Twig Template Namespaces`_):
```

No need for class. Your component matches the namespace of the file you created where components live (see `Twig Template Namespaces`_).

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/components/Button/Primary.html.twig #}
    <button class="primary">
        {% block content %}
        {% endblock %}
    </button>

> Then use your component with ``:`` to navigate through the directories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then use your component with ``:`` to navigate through sub-directories (if there are any):
```

.. code-block:: html+twig

     {# index.html.twig #}
     ...
    <div>
       <twig:Button:Primary>
           Click Me!
       </twig:primary>
    </div>

> Now let's pass props to your button by defining a ``{% props %}`` tag in its view.

Reviewer: I think we should first show passing a normal "attribute" and show how that works very normally (show the `{{ attributes }}` being printed in the template). Maybe a `role` attribute, for example.

Then we can show how you can, in addition to an attribute, pass a prop using `{% props}`.

It allows to declare which props are required and which have a default value.

For a required prop "label", and one optional prop "primary":

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/components/Button.html.twig #}
    {% props label, primary = true %}

    <button class="{{ primary ? 'primary' : 'secondary' }} large rounded">
        {{ label }}
    </button>

Then use it:

.. code-block:: html+twig

     {# index.html.twig #}
     ...
    <div>
       <twig:Button label="Click Me!" />
    </div>

> You can also define your component to allow overwriting attributes:

Reviewer 2: Since this PR #1041, this is not true anymore. Now if you defined props in your component {% props label %} the label is not available by the attributes object but only with {{ label }}. The attributes object contains only passed to the object without a defined props

Reviewer: But won't the code below still work after #1041?

* `primary` is in `{% props` so it will NOT be inside `attributes` but we WILL have a `primary` varaible
* Then, we use that `primary` variable (boolean) to set the class to the string `primary` or `secondary`.

Reviewer 2: It was more about the sentence do you think overwritting is the right word to use here, or should we have more detail ?
